Merge UI Design Doc with Design Reviews Trade Study (#771)
microsoft/code-with-engineering-playbook: docs/user-interface-engineering/README.md

1. As the librarian, I want to notify users before they recieve late penalties for overdue books
1. As the librarian, I want to notify users when a book they have reserved becomes available

With the desired outcomes in mind, the next step in the design process is to define user personas. Regardless of the solution for a given problem, understanding the user needs leads to a better understanding of feature development and technological choices. Personas are written as prose-like paragraphs that describe different types of users. Considering the previous example, the various user personas could be:

1. An individual with no disabilities, but is unfamiliar with using software interfaces
1. An individual with no disabilities, and is familiar with using software interfaces
1. An individual with disabilities, and is unfamiliar with using software interfaces (with or without the use of accessibility tooling)
1. An individual with disabilities, but familiar with using software interfaces through the use of accessibility tooling

> After defining these personas it is clear that whatever the solution is, it requires a lot of accessibility and user experience design work. Sometimes personas can be simpler than this, but **never exclude disabled users**. Even when a user set is predefined as a group of individuals without disabilities, there is no guarrantee that the user set will remain that way.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After defining these personas it is clear that whatever the solution is, it requires a lot of accessibility and user experience design work. Sometimes personas can be simpler than this, but **always include disabled users**. Even when a user set is predefined as a group of individuals without disabilities, there is no guarrantee that the user set will remain that way.
```

For more information of choosing the right implementation tool, read the [Recommended Technologies](./recommended-technologies.md) document.

Continue reading the [Trade Study](./../design/design-reviews/trade-studies/README.md) section of this site for more information on completing this step in the design process.

> After itertating through multiple trade study documents, this design process can be considered complete! With an agreed upon solution and implementation in mind, it is now time to begin development. A natural continuation of the design process to get users (or stakeholders) involved as early as possible. Constantly look for design and usability feedback, and utilize this to improve the application as it is being developed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After iterating through multiple trade study documents, this design process can be considered complete! With an agreed upon solution and implementation in mind, it is now time to begin development. A natural continuation of the design process is to get users (or stakeholders) involved as early as possible. Constantly look for design and usability feedback, and utilize this to improve the application as it is being developed.
```
